Welcome to TaskMate, a webapp designed to help you manage your tasks more efficiently. By accessing and using this webapp, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern TaskMate's relationship with you in relation to this webapp. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use this webapp. The content of the pages of this webapp is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. This webapp uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties: [list of personal information]. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness, or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this webapp for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors, and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. Your use of any information or materials on this webapp is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services, or information available through this webapp meet your specific requirements. This webapp contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. All trademarks reproduced on this webapp, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the webapp. Unauthorized use of this webapp may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense. From time to time, this webapp may also include links to other webapps. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the webapp(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked webapp(s). Your use of this webapp and any dispute arising out of such use of the webapp is subject to the laws of Singapore.